


rbox(1)							  rbox(1)


NAME
       rbox - generate point distributions for qhull

SYNOPSIS
       Command "rbox" (w/o arguments) lists the	options.

DESCRIPTION
       rbox  generates	random or regular points according to the
       options given, and  outputs  the	 points	 to  stdout.  The
       points  are  generated in a cube, unless	's' or given. The
       format of the output is the following: first line contains
       the dimension and a comment, second line	contains the num-
       ber of points, and the following	lines contain the points,
       one  point per line. Points are represented by their coor-
       dinate values.

OPTIONS
       n      number of	points

       Dn     dimension	n-d (default 3-d)

       Bn     bounding box coordinates (default	0.5)

       l      spiral distribution, available only in 3-d

       Ln     lens distribution	of radius n.  May  be  used  with
	      's', 'r',	'G', and 'W'.

       s      cospherical points randomly generated in a cube and
	      projected	to the unit sphere

       Wn     restrict points to distance n of the surface  of	a
	      sphere or	a cube

       c      add a unit cube to the output

       c Gm   add  a  cube  with all combinations of +m	and -m to
	      the output

       d      add a unit diamond to the	output.

       d Gm   add a diamond made of 0, +m and -m to the	output

       Pn,m,r add point	[n,m,r]	to the output first.  Pad coordi-
	      nates with 0.0.

       n      Remove the command line from the first line of out-
	      put.

       t      use time in  seconds  as	the  random  number  seed
	      (default is command line).

       tn     set the random number seed to n.




Geometry Center		   Jan 23, 1995				1





rbox(1)							  rbox(1)


       z      generate	integer	 coordinates.  Use 'Bn'	to change
	      the range.  The default  is  'B1e6'  for	six-digit
	      coordinates.   In	R^4, seven-digit coordinates will
	      overflow hyperplane normalization.

       Zn s   restrict points to a disk	about the z+ axis and the
	      sphere (default Z1.0).  Includes the opposite pole.
	      'Z1e-6' generates	degenerate  points  under  single
	      precision.

       Zn Gm s
	      same as Zn with an empty center (default G0.5).

       r s D2 generate a regular polygon

       r s Z1 G0.1
	      generate a regular cone

BUGS
       Some combinations of arguments generate odd results.

       Report  bugs  to	 qhull_bug@geom.umn.edu, other correspon-
       dence to	qhull@geom.umn.edu

SEE ALSO
       qhull(1)

AUTHOR
       C. Bradford Barber
       c/o The Geometry	Center
       1300 South Second Street, Suite 500
       Minneapolis, MN 55454

























Geometry Center		   Jan 23, 1995				2


